Tree documentation and stories (#27270)
microsoft/fluentui: packages/react-components/react-tree/stories/Tree/Virtualization.md

> A `Tree` can be virtualized to optimize the rendering of a large tree structure. This technique involves creating a virtual version of the tree that only loads the visible nodes at any given time. By doing so, it reduces the number of DOM nodes that need to be rendered, which in turn improves the overall performance of the tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `Tree` can be virtualized to optimize the rendering of a large tree structure. This technique involves creating a virtual version of the tree that only loads the visible nodes at any given time. By doing so, it reduces the number of DOM nodes that need to be rendered, which in turn improves time to interaction of large trees.
```

 Virtualization is actually a performance bottleneck, it increases memory and CPU usage and most of the metrics involving it are actually worse than simply not using virtualization. We should emphasise that the usage of virtualization should be sparring and it should only be implemented when TTI problems are spotted, since that is the main advantage metric in favor of virtualization  https://hackmd.io/@bsunderhus/rkDnTIhQ5

Author: oh got it, thanks for the explanation! 👍

> To achieve this, one can create a `flattened` version of the tree structure that can be easily consumed by a windowing library. This library renders only the items that are currently visible on the screen, which reduces the amount of memory required to run the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To achieve this, one can create a `flattened` version of the tree structure that can be easily consumed by a virtualization library. This library renders only the items that are currently visible on the screen, which improves TTI metrics.
```

It actually increases memory consumption 🙈
